Fix Bug (#187)
AY2223S1-CS2103-F14-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* The keywords are only searched for inside the applications' companies and positions.
* Only full words will be matched e.g. `ByteDance` will not match `ByteDances`.
* Applications matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search). e.g. `Google Shopee` will match `Shopee HQ` and `Google Singapore`.

> * `find` command is also able to search for archived application and use `retrieve` command on the last shown list. However, please ensure that the index provided is within the last shown list and the selected application is archived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `find` command is also able to search for archived applications with matching keywords and `retrieve` command can be used on the last shown list. However, please ensure that the index provided is within the last shown list and the selected application is archived.
```
